Main question:
	- What are the modern computational techniques employed for nuclear physics engineering?



Questions:
	1. What is nuclear energy?
		Note 1. High level question to prime to audience. TLDR we heat up water to generate steam to spin a turbine. (Get source)
		Note 2. Prime audience - explain at a high level what a nuclear chain reaction is. (Will need to simplify) (Source: MIT lecture on youtube) 
		
		
	2. How are computations relevant to nuclear energy?
		Note 1. Acknolegdge there are many avenues but for today I'll be investigating 3 computational techques. 
		Note 2. Start by introducing LLM helping with nuclear research. (Source 7)
		
		3. How are LLM useful for nuclear research?
			
		4. What are LLM's limitations during nuclear energy research?
			
		5. How relevent is LLM to nuclear energy research as a whole?
			Note 1. Conclude this section with a short paraphrase of the key ideas
		
		
	6. What standardizing computational techniques are out there?
	
		7. How are standardized computational techniques relevent?
			Note 1. Introduce "Monte Carlo methods" (Source 6) ((Will try to find a better source))
			
		8. How are Monte Carlo methods used?
			Note 1. Answer by introducing (Source 15, Source 16) ((may need revisiting))
			Note 2. Try running a simulation of "MadGraph5", ((may need revisiting after a spike))
			
		9. How relevent are Monte Carlo methods?
			Note 1. Display screenshots of the number of records that are found in the recommended library database softwares.
	
	
	10. Nuclear hysteria, how is it addressed? 
		Note 1. (Currently researching for sources from this section and below)
		Note 2. First consideration: "Candu" and their Candu reactors 
		Note 3. Second consideration: Nuclear safety/evaluation is software heavy
		Note 4. Third consideration: Canadian Nuclear Safety Commission (CNSC)
		
		11. Why do we do safety evaluations?
			Note 1. Inadequate safety regulations lead to problems. Case-study examples: Chernobyl, 3 mile island, Fukushima
			Note 2. Discuss Chernobyl case study
			
		12. How does an incident like the Chernobyl disaster happen?
			Note 1. Reason 1, mechanical failures due to design flaws
			Note 2. Reason 2, human error
			Note 3. Reason 3, control system
		
		12. What are the current limitations faced?
			Note 1. Transition to the conclusion of the presentation
			
			
	Conclusion:
		Note 1. Discuss the scope of my research. How far did I cover?
		Note 2. What were limitations in my research
		Note 3. Where are avenues to continue researching



Sources:
	- The Feynmen Lectures on Physics: Volume I Mainly mechanics, radiation, and heat (Book) ((Probably not going to use))
		- page 4-7    Quote of interest: "Next we come to nuclear energy, the" 
		- page 2-8    The segment is on Nuclei and particles. Theres a good analogy that compares TNT to a Nuclear bomb to visually quantify how much energy is being released 
	  
	- MIT lecture on youtube
		- link: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RW2DPHAoXiQ

	- Folders
		- Source 6
		- Source 7
		- Source 15
		- Source 16
		- Source 17 (Work in progress)

	- Text file "Discussion with researcher.txt"
